that's that's that if you little onesy
skin hmm scumbag what what yeah boo
never want to see you yeah exact same
person exactly I've met her in person so
chew on that mmm chew on it yeah that's
the thought of that just like she's not
your league mate which is that my age
group yeah is that my legal bounds
we're ready abrasive nice to see i
personnally grinds it grands on the head
estevan usually sure yeah never gonna go
into that right well we're first is 20
and then we'll play there I'm Jeff the
dude I think I'm a shoeshine anyway
what's happening with that well i just i
know there for ages yeah I don't know he
did say she was purdy and when he got
video descriptions know there was a
competition in the mud the mud chat
group is ridiculous I lost a bet so I
had to put it in there it wasn't think I
was my idea I know yes I don't spell
things wrong no you can run the house
okay okay it's something my ways wanted
to say I'm not doing your work and I'm
not friends tonight I'm do it my way hey
hi I'm with Busey we're doing survivor
go yeah we're sync up and stand up once
again i'm a little sick i'm not sure if
we can hear it mmm i can you Connor
great yo son money oh ok mermaid man's
called us out he said sync up and stand
up and make me pink old already oh he
stand up yeah okay right so we're gonna
run down to the beach I did I just kick
it he's still running pretty well
because they don't have to tape me the
back of the knee I won't leave London
gangster on the game he's trying to do
the team thing with knocking estrella
sake it's not much of a team when you do
not attack me da wah look killed what do
think as we do in London stabbed her in
the back of the knee here's a bunny I
said the best place we wait and going
nowhere let's have a chat is not my day
I'm youtuber anyone I check out my
channel they always confused when people
say that cuz whoever tears into
realistically 23 people yeah and 23 of
them don't care I'll have a little to no
interest is linked anywhere exotic
broccoli make sure to sort of that guy
okay ah right survival games with
bluesman yeah I'm here I'm a little bit
sick but he says you can't hear it but I
think I seizures I don't even know what
that word means if I can't spell it I
can't make doesn't
anything Oh trophies trophies you've
trapped yourself mate you've trapped
yourself oh my god bone for hours nice
we're gonna win so I don't nine so i
need to wake up i woke up like an hour
ago and apparently I'm just dazed well I
thought I was gonna win the mat vote
keep riding to see a confidence dashed
writing a sea of competence a wave I
mean honey for the wave to crash into a
wall like oh my ovaries island oh great
right I would watch okay yeah and I am
perfectly healthy I've been to the
doctors so so depressing I haven't
actually listen I got some arrows of
stone axe a fishing rod potato fish and
a raw chicken just the chest for the
dead fish Barry look at my aquarium it
won't stick oh my god there are two
people on top of this island really we
therefore hi-yah uh yeah I need to eat
what are you fishing no I was just kind
of generally using it hello damn it like
a grappling hook oh right let's go
that's good he says he'll wait for him I
don't trust him not my leave me just
actually buy that guy devil criminal we
could try and no no they're not chasing
each other not sure they wouldn't know
they would wreck us just walk away what
am i right no no no you okay yes but
they're both here dude dude dude dude
dude dude dude dude running running
running stowaway bet I can get this one
I can get this one I got one yeah ok ok
ok where'd you go no no okay swap out
I'm gonna get the stone sword got him I
can't believe you did that that was
really really good there's some Iron
Boots sweet of a desperate I just that's
a ton of the game around yeah that's no
that's no no no not really really good
ya know she good I think we just wanted
to wrap our heads around that we managed
to kill two people without much it
running it's gonna wanna know I think
I've got this yeah honey bear you uh-oh
what yeah
look great yeah what's up dere your
armor it fools no 100 no but I want it
again it's not for them hey we're itís
when I look good Bishop volunteer fo
india house it'd be all white leather
everything like Wyatt level surface
using for a boob LOL bouche OU koi wild
bouche being onto solid land oh my god
is that oh my god run back run back for
a booth I can't do Packer all right I
think we need to at least have a win
somewhere in there yeah something with
her cuz I lost a lot of foolish just cut
to a completely different game our way
through where we wish hey suddenly
facecam appears